README.md, before:


# 📂 Download Folder Cleaner

A lightweight Python script that automatically organizes files in your **Downloads** folder (or any folder you specify and specifically within the root folder not any subfolders) into categories such as **Audio, Video, Documents, Images, Archives, Installers,** and **Others**.  



## 🚀 Usage

### 🧹 Clean your Downloads folder
```bash
python Folder_Cleaner.py
```

### 📁 Clean a specific folder
Provide the folder path as an argument:
```bash
python Folder_Cleaner.py "path/to/your/folder"
```

---

## 📦 Categories

Files are sorted into these categories based on their extensions:

- 🎵 **Audio**: `.mp3`, `.wav`, `.flac`, `.aac`, `.ogg`, `.wma`, `.m4a`  
- 🎬 **Video**: `.mp4`, `.mkv`, `.avi`, `.mov`, `.wmv`, `.flv`, `.webm`, `.mpeg`  
- 📄 **Documents**: `.pdf`, `.docx`, `.txt`, `.xlsx`, `.pptx`, `.odt`, `.rtf`  
- 🖼️ **Images**: `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, `.bmp`, `.tiff`, `.svg`  
- 📦 **Archives**: `.zip`, `.rar`, `.tar`, `.gz`, `.7z`  
- ⚙️ **Installers**: `.exe`, `.msi`, `.dmg`, `.pkg`  
- ❓ **Others**: Any file not in the above categories  

---

## 📝 Notes

- 🔒 Hidden files (those starting with `.`) are ignored.   
- 📂 New category folders are created automatically if they don’t already exist.  

---

Commit message:

Fixed so doesn't overwrite same name files and instead appends number to the end in a simlar way to the filesystem does automatically

README.md, after:


# 📂 Download Folder Cleaner

A lightweight Python script that automatically organizes files in your **Downloads** folder (or any folder you specify and specifically within the root folder not any subfolders) into categories such as **Audio, Video, Documents, Images, Archives, Installers,** and **Others**.  



## 🚀 Usage

### 🧹 Clean your Downloads folder
```bash
python Folder_Cleaner.py
```

### 📁 Clean a specific folder
Provide the folder path as an argument:
```bash
python Folder_Cleaner.py "path/to/your/folder"
```

---

## 📦 Categories

Files are sorted into these categories based on their extensions:

- 🎵 **Audio**: `.mp3`, `.wav`, `.flac`, `.aac`, `.ogg`, `.wma`, `.m4a`  
- 🎬 **Video**: `.mp4`, `.mkv`, `.avi`, `.mov`, `.wmv`, `.flv`, `.webm`, `.mpeg`  
- 📄 **Documents**: `.pdf`, `.docx`, `.txt`, `.xlsx`, `.pptx`, `.odt`, `.rtf`  
- 🖼️ **Images**: `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, `.bmp`, `.tiff`, `.svg`  
- 📦 **Archives**: `.zip`, `.rar`, `.tar`, `.gz`, `.7z`  
- ⚙️ **Installers**: `.exe`, `.msi`, `.dmg`, `.pkg`  
- ❓ **Others**: Any file not in the above categories  

---

## 📝 Notes

- 🔒 Hidden files (those starting with `.`) are ignored.   
- 📂 New category folders are created automatically if they don’t already exist.  
- ⚠️ If a file with the same name already exists in the destination folder, the script will automatically rename the file (e.g., `file.txt` → `file(1).txt`) to avoid overwriting.

---
